Robin Griffin the third quarterback for
the Washington Redskins and my overall
madden 13 rating should be a 90 I'm sure
we just in for the Cleveland Browns my
Madden rating should be 95 86 92 93 and
95 least somewhere in the eighties I
think my overall rating should be an 86
maybe or 85 my Madden rating should be a
hundred percent hundred being the best
short quarterback in the National
Football League and to our maybe low 80s
just an ease not not 90s because I'm not
that good yet 1000 okay
do all things like a kitchen ball like a
running ball everybody girls miss my
speed i speeds there i should be up you
know i got good hands up the backfield
I'm versatile I think my speed should be
like low 90s
maybe 89 when it comes to arm strength
and accuracy hopefully somewhere between
90 to 95 jumping ability 90 I'll jump
out the building that's got to be a 99
my strength should be is 99 100 you'll
just hook me up that's all I'm saying
I think my power should be pretty high
around 90 I think my arm Street rating
should be you know one of my stronger
ratings I think I have the honor to make
all the throws my catch catching has to
be about 78 80 speed talking deaf and
say that should be at 98 99 I don't feel
like nobody can catch me my arm strength
I think it's definitely on the top
echelon and 90 still hundreds accuracy I
believe the same thing speed wise the
defin can run very very well
watch this is that even a rating just
everything should be at least in 90s all
right you know maybe my kid okay my
kicking can be like five my kicking cuz
I can't last of my kick field goes I was
like ten years old I missed them all my
hands have i have deep very good hands
say a pitch ball well and i don't know
where it should be rate I guess you
could you know pull up some illness
something you could ready to yourself it
doesn't matter what they write me I'm
gonna boost them all up anyway
you
me